The victims of the united states shall be flown at half-staff at the white house. The united states of america, i hereby order that the flag of the united states shall be flown at half-staff at the white house. The flag of the united states shall be flown at half-staff for the same length of time. 

Car rental companies dump the nra a major car rental conglomerate which operates three prominent national brands. The rental conglomerate which operates three prominent national brands is ending its corporate relationship with the national rifle association. The rental conglomerate which operates three prominent national brands is ending its corporate relationship with the national rifle association. 

Wade paid a surprise visit to students at marjory douglas high school on twitter. He is ""looking forward to being more involved in the change that they will create"" after a shooting at the school last month left 17 dead. He says it was the first full day with regular class schedules since the feb. 14 mass shooting. ""i. he says he is ""looking forward to being more involved in the change that they will create"". 

12 people died in a mass shooting on feb. 14, broward sheriff scott israel. 12 people were killed in a mass shooting on feb. 14, broward sheriff scott israel. 12 people were killed in a mass shooting on feb. 14, broward sheriff scott israel. 

Donald trump speaks during a meeting with the members of the national governors association in the state dining room. Trump says he would have rushed in, unarmed, if he'd been there. Donald trump says he want all teachers to take a courageous action, and a lot of the individuals. 

"we stand with the students adults are supposed to take care of children not only keep them safe. He says the students adults are supposed to take care of children not only keep them safe. He says we will make this world safer for your children to go to school. No kid should be afraid to walk outside. 

"it was valentines day. It was supposed to be a day of love and joy. He says it was all real. Eventually, we transitioned to the classroom closet where we stayed for about an hour and a half. He says it was multiple voices. Then, our classroom door was opened, and someone asked if anyone was there. 

Douglas has won five national math championships, has the states top marching band and boasts science. Douglas has won five national math championships, has the states top marching band and boasts science and engineering programs. Douglas has won five national math championships, has the states top marching band. 

A student who survived the florida shooting wants you to see how a single ar-15 bullet butchered his foot. The florida shooting will need at least 4 surgeries and a year of rehab before he can walk again. Warner bros. Entertainment inc. Are requesting this consent on behalf of their affiliates. Which will use the information under their respective privacy policies. 

The stoneman douglas theatre kids many of the leaders of the leaders of the never again movement. The students are indeed actors, thrust into roles that no teen-ager should have to play. One of the less inspiring things about the movement led. The students are actually crisis actors. A warped brand of trutherism that spread after sandy hook and has since. 

Nbc's eastmond, survived the shooting at stoneman douglas high school, eastmond. The gunman faces 17 counts of premeditated murder over the feb. 14 school shooting. The gunman faces 17 counts of premeditated murder over the feb. 14 school shooting. The gunman was faces 17 counts of premeditated murder over the feb. 14 school. 

A senior who survived the feb. 14 shooting at north community park. The attack has been needlessly divisive. (john florida sun-sentinel via ap) douglas emma gonzalez. The attack has been needlessly divisive. (john florida sun-sentinel via ap) douglas emma gonzalez. 

The school resource officer stationed suspended without pay after he learned the deputy never went into the building. The school resource officer stationed at marjory douglas was suspended without pay after he learned the deputy never went into the building. The school resource officer stationed at marjory douglas was suspended without pay after he learned the deputy never went into the building. The school resource officer stationed at marjory douglas was suspended without pay. 

David hogg is a lover of film and t.v. Production. Photo by lauren newman. His friend thomas decided to spend their summer afternoon at topaz jetty, douglas high school senior david hogg. His friend thomas decided to spend their summer afternoon at topaz jetty, douglas high school senior david hogg. 

The brother of the parkland school shooting suspect was arrested on a trespassing charge. The brother of the parkland school shooting suspect was arrested on a trespassing charge. The brother of the parkland school shooting suspect was arrested on a trespassing charge. The brother of the parkland school shooting suspect was arrested on a trespassing charge. 
